c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\obj\Debug\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\obj\Debug\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451.dll.config
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451.dll
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451.pdb
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Autofac.dll
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Autofac.Integration.Owin.dll
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.dll
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.Owin.dll
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Relational.dll
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory.dll
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.dll
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.dll
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.dll
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Npgsql.dll
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Npgsql.EntityFrameworkCore.PostgreSQL.dll
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Remotion.Linq.dll
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.dll
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\System.Interactive.Async.dll
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Toolfactory.Configuration.dll
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Toolfactory.Core.dll
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Toolfactory.Database.Dao.dll
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Toolfactory.Util.Cryptography.dll
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Autofac.xml
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Autofac.Integration.Owin.xml
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.xml
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.Owin.xml
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.xml
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Relational.xml
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory.xml
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.xml
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.xml
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.xml
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.xml
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Npgsql.xml
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Remotion.Linq.xml
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\System.Collections.Immutable.xml
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.xml
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\System.Interactive.Async.xml
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.xml
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\obj\Debug\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451.dll
c:\users\carlos.lisandra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\obj\Debug\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451.pdb
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\obj\Debug\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451.dll
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\obj\Debug\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451.pdb
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451.dll.config
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451.dll
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451.pdb
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Autofac.dll
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Autofac.Integration.Owin.dll
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.dll
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.Owin.dll
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Relational.dll
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Abstractions.dll
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory.dll
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.dll
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.dll
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.dll
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Npgsql.dll
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Npgsql.EntityFrameworkCore.PostgreSQL.dll
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Owin.dll
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Remotion.Linq.dll
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.dll
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\System.Interactive.Async.dll
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Toolfactory.Configuration.dll
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Toolfactory.Database.Dao.dll
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Toolfactory.Util.Cryptography.dll
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Autofac.xml
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Autofac.Integration.Owin.xml
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.xml
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.Owin.xml
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.xml
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Relational.xml
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Abstractions.xml
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory.xml
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.xml
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.xml
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.xml
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.xml
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.xml
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.xml
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Npgsql.xml
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Remotion.Linq.xml
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\System.Collections.Immutable.xml
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.xml
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\System.Interactive.Async.xml
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.xml
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\obj\Debug\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\obj\Debug\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Toolfactory.Core.BaseTypes.dll
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Toolfactory.Util.dll
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Toolfactory.Core.BaseTypes.xml
E:\repos\EntityFramework451Demo\src\TestEntityFrameworkPsql451\bin\Toolfactory.Util.xml
